Oh
since visiting Adelaide's food forest
the boys have raced across the Nullarbor
braving the elements and the endless
well nulla boredom of it all and quicker
than you can say two thousand seven
hundred kilometers find themselves in
come here for the mark our team we're in
Perth we're going to be doing a few
things while we're here we're going to
community gardens particular one called
the city farm and we're going to learn
about how to live sustainably in a big
city like this another thing we're going
to be doing while we're here is checking
out the cycle networks we further very
good so it's going to be interesting to
see if we can navigate our way around
without if I strolled Perth has an
awesome Cycle Network more than 700
kilometres of dedicated cycleways most
of it completely separated from the
roads which makes it a pretty nice way
to get to work no two trips are the same
when you're riding your bike those
different boats out of the water
different people passing you people that
are lucky enough to be on this route to
can wear to work omv that morning
you didn't just break the speed limit
did you mad killing you is uh picking up
the cars on up that have to worry about
those girls on the sock away hey all
right yeah yeah let's get chocolate in
yeah cuz we got no cash
after all that cycling what better place
to take in some fuel than per city far a
haven of permaculture in the heart of
the city there's a great range of food
on earth a slurpee delicious and
nutritious and all waste products are
put to good use the place has gone from
toxic dump to certified organic farm in
a little over 10 years thanks to people
like Tom Scott and 300,000 wheelbarrows
of compost the idea was to create a
rehabilitation of a really degraded
industrial site which this place was and
we started with small nodes of God and
will compost firstly just keep
composting composting created many
bungle bungles all over the place spread
that out and started growing some
produce all produce is grown using
permaculture principles like aquaponics
a system of vegetable gardening without
the need to keep watering your veggies
firstly I have a fish tank which is just
here and all you have to do is feed the
fish and they in turn put their deposits
into the water which is a sort of a
nutrient that thing gets flushed through
these gravel beds which has a whole
range of vegetables and bacteria and
their convert the nutrients from the
fish waste into nutrients that the
vegetables can use so you have you have
vegetables grown without soil what is
constantly there and the nutrients are
being fed from the fish the gravel beds
or the gardens also act as a sieve as a
filter so they clear the water which
then goes back into the fish tank so
you've got fish produce when they grow
all you harvest the fish you've got
ongoing vegetable produce and all you
have to do is feed the fish you can fit
them scraps so you never add water to
the system you're just constantly
building sounds like a dream
but she
the boys now head north to brew but
first a quick detour to the hut proven
province the country you visit when you
don't want to leave your own country now
that's a carbon-neutral other sides
another chance for condition see you
later
I do not want to see ya